{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The following video is made strictly for educational purposes.\'a0 Here are the sources used. GitHub has files that referenced Bill Weinman\'92s exercise files.\'a0 I do not own the exercise files. Some of the files uploaded on Github have been mixed with Bill Weinman\'92s exercise. Please pay attention to that.\'a0 What I have doneis on Github along will my credit to\'a0 Bill. Thank you for everything.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'93Https://Www.w3schools.Com/Sql/.\'94 SQL Tutorial, https://www.w3schools.com/sql/.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'93Insert (SQL).\'94 Wikipedia, Wikimedia Foundation, 20 Mar. 2022, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insert_(SQL).
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'93Royalty Free Music by BENSOUND.\'94 Bensound, https://www.bensound.com/.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'93SQL Arithmetic Operator.\'94 w3resource, https://www.w3resource.com/sql/arithmetic-operators/sql-arithmetic-operators.php.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Weinman, Bill. \'93Harness the Power of MySQL - MySQL Video Tutorial: LinkedIn Learning, Formerly Lynda.com.\'94 LinkedIn, 16 July 2019, https://www.linkedin.com/learning/mysql-essential-training-2/harness-the-power-of-mysql?autoplay=true&contextUrn=urn%3Ali%3AlearningCollection%3A6917186157160103936&u=56687537.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Zelen, Aldo. \'93Understanding Numerical Data Types in SQL.\'94 LearnSQL.com, LearnSQL.com, 4 Dec. 2018, https://learnsql.com/blog/understanding-numerical-data-types-sql/.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The exercise files that were used in this video were also done by Bill Weinman.\'a0 I do not own the exercise files. Some of the files uploaded on github have been mixed with Bill Weinman\'92s exercise. Please pay attention to that.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}